We all are well aware of the fact that its very crucial time that we are going through due to COVID 19 pandemic. As per the goverment rule its very important to follow the lockdown. But due to the extension of the lockdown businessmen and shopkeepers are facing problem as they are becoming financially weak with every passing day. Government has given permission only to a handful of shop's to be kept open. This lockdown is mainly affecting retailers, daily laborers and other shop-domains like furniture, stationary, toy shops, cafe's etc. These people also need to have a strong financial backbone.  

Here, complete lockdown is not a solution and giving permission to open all shops is also not a solution. As it will lead to massive failure of SOCIAL-DISTANCING.   

So my team came up with a mid-way solution both for retailers and the government, we have named it Endure! Here we are developing an automated batch-allotment system which will allot batches to shopkeeper's as per decision of Government authorities. It will help retailers to do business it an efficient, smooth and discipined manner. Shopkeeper's need to signup in our App and choose their working days plus their preference batches. Shops will be allotted batches in which they have to be opened. Batches will be given according to address and shop type, and will be issued by government itself. The system will allot batches according to preferences and minimum number of shops should be opened per-batch in order to reduce traffic in the roads and follow SOCIAL-DISTANCING. 

Customer's can view shop opening and closing time from their interface. And most importantly uniform functioning time will be given to each shop (which will lead to equal opportunity for all shopkeeper's to earn). And all batches will be uniformly filled so that there is no unavailability of resources to the customer from 6:00 AM to 10:00 PM for any given day.  As Endure will be a government shop-monitoring and batch-allotment app so if a user doesn't open his/her shop for the given batch then the customer's can file a complaimt againt the shopkeeper. And if shopkeeper keeps his/her shop open on invalid batches then other shopkeeper's can also file a complaint against that shop. Complaints can be registered by nearby police-stations.   

Not only will it help to reduce panic among shop-keepers but will also give opportunity to shopkeepers to earn. And also help reducing roaming of people in search of commodities as they will be well aware which shop is going to opened at what time. This project can be continued as a token-booking system for customer's. As customer's can book their slot when the shop is opened.  

A small step to make the Indian economy strong once again.
